# VBA Box
Vba aka Excel Macros is useful in some niche situations in which other more expressive languages cannot be used. Either you don't want to or can't install python or R, or the task you're performing is self contained within the functionality of excel. 

Though I don't recommend it, VBA could be a great way to first pick up programming especially if you're very familiar with excel, because the excel vba module already comes with a number of objects and patterns seen in excel forumlas. For example ``range(A1:A10) and ``Sum() are present in vba and operate much in the same way that excel formulas do. There's also something to be said for being able to program in an environment where your front end (the excel sheet) is already present and functional. 

# StockAnalysis.vb 
This script operates on an excel sheet where each row contains a day's activity for a stock and each sheet contain an entire year's data for multiple stock tickers. First it loops through the rows and tabulates each day's stock volume of stock trades and breaks to make a report when the stock ticker's name of the next row doesn't equal the current stock ticker. It's assumed then one ticker's entire year of stock information has been looped through. We then grab the opening price of the first day and compare it to closing price of the last day to get the price change over that sheet's year. The stock ticker and yearly change is inputted into the right side of the worksheet and yearly change is also given as percentage change. 

# Formatting.vb
Simple script to add percentage formatting and color conditional formatting to the columns generated by StockAnalysis.vb. Yearly Change is given red filling for tickers that experienced a price drop in the previous year and green filling for years where the price increased. 

# Find_max.vb 
loops through the percentage change and total stock volume and creates a seperate table with the greatest: % increase and decrease of stock price and total exchange of stocks along with their associated tickers. 
